Okay.
So our log in user test looks good so we can move on to our next mutation test.
We can see right here we have our receive jobs test and we have a very similar error.
Our first test reporting is TypeScript says, Hey, you're giving me a state object that doesn't fulfill
the global state interface.
I expect the receive job's mutation to receive a state parameter that is of type global state, and
this doesn't fulfill it.
Once again, we're going to be easily able to solve this problem by using our helper function at the
above.
So right here I'm going to call this starting state.
And I'm going to invoke my create state function right here and I'm going to pass in the jobs array
set to an empty array or the job's property to be more specific, because I want to communicate that
that is the array that I am overwriting with the actual array of jobs that I receive.
So right here I'm going to say starting state instead of state.
And we're going to solve that problem.
But TypeScript is going to move on to our next one.
So notice here that we are passing in an array of strings representing our job objects.
But right here, we told TypeScript that the second argument of jobs would be an array of job objects.
So if I hover my mouse over here, you can see type string is not assignable to type job.
TypeScript is telling us I want an array of jobs.
I do not want an array of strings.
That is a mismatch.
So of course, our job objects are actually pretty complex.
If I take a look at this interface in my separate file right here, my types, that's file we can see
it has a lot of different details about it.
And I don't want to have all of these properties within a test because it's going to make the test really
long.
So what I can do as a compromise is once again create another factory function whose responsibility
will be to create a job object one very similar to this one.
In fact, what I can do is even copy a sample job from my DB that JSON file because my response is there
have this exact same interface that I expect.
So let's make that happen.
So at the very top of this file, I'm going to import my job interface because I'm going I'm going to
need to use it, the one we just saw.
So right here, I'm going to import.
The job interface and that is going to come from my source directory API types right here.
All right.
And then right here, I'm going to define a new factory function and I'm going to call it Create Job.
And it's going to be a function right here.
And of course, what this function is going to return is going to be a job object.
So I'm immediately going to provide that annotation.
I'm going to provide that return value right here.
So then I need to return a job, and I'm actually going to do the implicit return syntax in JavaScript.
So in order to return an object, I'm just going to wrap this right here in parentheses, and that will
be the object that is returned from my create job function.
Of course, right now TypeScript is complaining because our object with no properties does not fulfill
the job object that it expects to receive.
So what I'm going to do here is I'm going to go to my DB, that JSON file, and I'm going to scroll
down to my job section.
And here is a sample job object that fulfills all of the properties of what a job needs.
So I'm just going to copy these properties starting from ID and going all the way to date.
Added is going to copy that and then paste that right here inside here and let prettier do the work.
And for the purposes of what we need, I think if we kept the minimum qualifications array, the preferred
qualifications array and the description array empty, that would not change anything because those
arrays can technically be empty as string arrays, they can simply be an array of no strings.
And I don't think that all of this additional string stuff helps us understand what a job is.
I kind of adds more text, more content.
It doesn't really need to exist.
If there is a reason for those properties to have valid arrays of many strings, then we can always
add them back later.
But for now, to make this a little bit simpler to read, I'm simply going to make these arrays empty.
So I'm going to remove the strings right here.
I'm going to remove my preferred qualifications elements as well.
I'm going to remove my description right here or the strings save that.
And now we have a much cleaner job object that fulfills that interface of being a job, but also has
kind of the required properties to do to play that role.
However, as we talked about in the previous lesson, I also want to make my factory function flexible
enough so that every task can provide it its own custom properties that it cares about.
So I'm going to follow the exact same approach I did in the function above.
I'm going to provide a config parameter and the type of config is going to be a partial job.
So right here, the partial keyword from TypeScript, then my opening and closing brackets.
And right here the argument is a partial job, which means it can be an object with any of these properties,
but now all of them are going to be optional.
So my config argument can have one of them, two of them, all of them or zero of them, and either
approach will be fine.
However, my config object cannot add any other properties.
I can only honor the ones that a job has these ones right here.
All right.
And then, of course, I'm going to fall back to a empty object as the default argument in case a test
just wants to invoke, create, job and not care, it can simply do so and we'll fall back to an empty
object.
And then whatever config I get, whether it's an empty object, whether it's one property, five properties,
all properties, I'm simply going to do structure at the very end here.
So it's going to overwrite the reasonable standards or defaults I have defined right here.
So if, for example, a test wants to override minimum qualifications, it totally can.
It can just give me a config object with that property set to an array of the strings that that test
wants and all of this will work.
So now in my receive jobs test, I can use my create job function.
So right here in line, I'm just going to say job one and I'm going to simply invoke create job and
down below job to.
Is once again going to be invoke and create job.
One more time, I don't really care about the details of the jobs because the purpose of this mutation
is to simply receive an array of jobs and then overwrite the jobs property on my View Store State.
So I don't really care if these jobs are identical, if they have all of the same properties.
There's nothing custom that I want to pass in.
If you want to pass on something custom like a different a title to each test so you can distinguish
them.
Nothing wrong with that.
I'm just going to leave it like so.
And right here.
The mutation expects an array of jobs instead of an array of strings.
So right here, I'm going to pass in job one and job two.
Those are valid job objects.
And of course, right here, instead of verifying the entire state.
All I really care about on the starting state now is going to be in my jobs property.
And after the mutation runs, I expect that to equal.
My new array of jobs that I just passed in right here.
So job one and job two.
And there we go.
All right.
So now we're utilizing utilizing our create state factory function and communicating that jobs matters.
That's the property that this test cares about.
It's going to start out empty at the very end of the test.
Jobs should now be equal to an array of two jobs instead of worrying about all of the complex properties
that a job needs.
I'm just going to let my factory function take care of that so this test doesn't worry about it.
If a developer wants to know what the properties are in a job, they can always scroll up.
But it's not required to understand what this test is doing.
And that's what I like.
I like the separation.
I don't want to have two jobs in line here, each with ten different properties, because then this
test will be 25 lines long, and it becomes hard to figure out that most of these properties don't really
matter.
We just need them to exist so that we have a job object because we need an array of jobs in order to
pass that into our receive jobs mutation right here.
All right.
So moving right along and we're going to continue addressing our remaining tests in the next lesson.